I would like to quickly suggest several companion courses that can
enhance your skills and capabilities with Kanban.
This course, Kanban for Agile/Scrum Practitioners, is a
perfect companion for this course.
It gives you a ton of Kanban foundational information in
the learning context of Agile/Scrum.
This course, Developing Effective Agile Sprint Plans, will give
you insight into Agile and Sprint planning that you need to help
better relate and communicate with your Agile dev teams in their
transition to Kanban.
This course, Project Management for Software Engineers, will give
you insight into traditional project management that you need to
help better relate and communicate with your traditional dev teams
in their transition to Kanban.
Leadership and Communication Skills.
Everything we talked about in this entire course has
underpinnings and requirements for strong and dynamic
leadership and communication skills,
especially when you are trying to influence management and your
dev team during your transition to Kanban.
So check out this course, Leadership and
Communication Skills for Software Engineers. You won't regret it!